the end of alive and he will lift a lock
the Premier League trophy has come but
it could be a day that shit's the order
of English football for quite some time
only the 15 doing the title in 20
seasons of the brigade there's a new
name on the trophy
it's Manchester City
the league champions
please
that sky is really with aluminum siding
right these are just signatures now but
yours
velocity routing friend to see how they
celebrate now or was never open it's not
another four to four years
I don't think it will be somehow gonna
pick up last season
what's the Premiership this year I think
the sky is silly
no sky's the limit for them now when did
that night miss fashion today is just
it's just extraordinary today it's been
it's been watching this morning what's
his oneness so so you know he knows all
the bad wouldn't the champ do the gold
one things but winning including the
project site is very very special I came
close to be first in contention and
everyone is but when you're winning a
nicety very envious of those players
because as Martin says the staging
before with you for a lifetime you feel
actually very emotional watching friends
for the rest of your lives your ships in
the night as footballers when you finish
but when you come back the emotion and
share for this occasion stayed with you
forever and that's what you take away
most of them but one for this man here
because he's put his money worries about
this you know we don't often talk about
the people invest in the club and invest
in the people they employ he's invested
in Munchie he's actually supporting him
and back to when he was out of the board
members happens but he has got today
mechina doesn't want to get wet
back-rubbing he's shying away with
champagne come on
I think he's for me the one still to be
done he's been at it again sorry when he
stopped to forgive a Barbie on the
sideline you know you didn't back down
you think way to say that's it that's
what's gonna be and I believe you're
gone by better players next year
that goal from company against much for
me for me I'm Gordon get one person
waving the awesome Locker again in the
world he's built into the article Marco
a few times in ghetto
no I think this about enjoying it for
now with the rebuilding I mean Balotelli
will you have a future there what will
he do with tears you know things might
be different in the future because the
under put you Mon yeah got the vital
golden school it's a big decision
Roberto yeah big games it's completed
the projects also you've got to say that
he's actually you know all those big
decisions that rubbish talking about
he's got these stop them right and then
we've got to get ready to go onto BBC
world now for final school but we're
gonna leave you these pictures you can
enjoy them do your own commentary during
one nutrient analysis of Manchester
City's season
thank you for company all season here at
finals school I think it agrees
one of the greatest endings to a top